how the inspiring story of a student's a
straight-a student and athlete and a
senior class president that I mentioned
he was homeless Phillip Shawn she is
also one of our faces of the story today
CNN's Thelma Gutierrez profiles the team
who struggles led to some high wattage
help he's the highest-paid defensive
back in NFL history and he's about to
give this teenager the surprise of his
life when we first aired your story so
many people wanted to help you but there
was one person in particular who came
forward who wanted to meet you Tiffany
idea who it is no I keep on hearing we
met Kenneth Chauncey and his little
sister Stephanie earlier this year they
lived on Skid Row in a shelter in
downtown Los Angeles where life is
uncensored but a step up from what it
used to be I lived in a van let's see my
mom use drugs my stepdad you say hit me
what makes Kenneth story so
extraordinary is that this homeless
teenager is president of his high school
he's a straight a honor student and an
athlete awesome hua has proven he is up
up there with the rest of the top
corners in the NFL and he might just be
the best Kenneth is a starting running
back at helen bernstein high school he's
going to college give me a list of the
top schools where do you want to go to
college Harvard still on top from Skid
Row to Harvard lofty ambitions that move
this NFL star to ask us to arrange a
meeting this is an undie us what he's
with the Oakland Raiders yes I
the awesome they were just talking about
the coach was talking about you yes sir
what what was the reason that you wanted
to be here to meet Kenneth well we saw
the the story in on CNN and you know I
was just blown away by it you know just
your drive and everything you're trying
to do and you're playing football and
all that stuff solves I was relating you
know a little bit to that so I said
there's got to be some way that I can
you know get in touch with him number 21
Nnamdi Asomugha is an all-pro cornerback
with the Oakland Raiders at 28 he has
his own foundation the awesome will
college tour for scholars this is a
serious student right does he qualify
for your tour definitely that was a loot
liya he might over qualify each year
osawa handpicks a group of inner-city
high school students and takes them on a
week-long all-expense-paid trip to visit
different universities education is
number one for your family and I
understand with all due respect but I do
understand you're the least educated in
your entire fam BAM yes yes cuz I'm one
degree awesome was mother has a PhD his
sister is a pediatrician his other two
siblings have graduate degrees nnamdi
only has one a degree in finance from UC
Berkeley yeah and then we have my dad
Gordon Costello here I look over the
next college tour for awesome was kids
washington d.c chennai knew how much you
were a big fan of school and education
that stuff so i wanted to invite you
along for the tool oh my god
there wasn't store for Washington you
know who we're working on now Obama we
have to so will this spring the NFL star
will take Kenneth into the heart of the
nation's capital my piss to you
President Obama please give us some time
while we're in DC these kids will go
crazy if they meet you you'll inspire
them but first Kenneth takes the Oakland
Raider on a tour of the zone to skid row
downtown Los Angeles you live hoo boy
Thelma Gutierrez continues the story of
Kenneth Chauncey in just a few moments
keep your head up but that is the mantra
of a homeless teen beating the odds with
straight A's and strong leadership CNN's
Thelma Gutierrez continues her story on
Kenneth Chauncey and the NFL star
helping him Skid Row in downtown Los
Angeles you see the bottle sitting over
there is one of the last places you'd
expect to find an NFL star and a
straight a honor student just walking to
school walking back from school this is
walking to the train to get to school
anywhere you go you got to go through
yeah we have to go through this but the
pursuit of Education brought them here
together we used to come down here in
high school and like feed the people out
here during Thanksgiving
Nnamdi Asomugha plays for the oakland
raiders and is the highest paid
defensive back in NFL history kenneth
Chauncey is 17 a starting high school
running back who aspires to study
medicine at Harvard University I'm
student body president and you had to
organize to feed the homeless what no
one knew was that this accomplished high
school senior who organized feedings for
the homeless was actually living on Skid
Row himself with his father and younger
sister so imagine he had a 15 year old
little girl walking through this every
day Kenneth took the 28 year old NFL
star on an unsettling tour through a
part of Los Angeles most never
experienced that all me but a place
Kenneth knows well his academic success
despite all of this is the reason Nnamdi
Asomugha is here my thing is reaching
out to people like Kenneth that have
their back against the wall that have a
lot of obstacles that they have to face
and they're still overcoming you know
you never want them to stop four years
ago at the age of 24 awesome was started
his own foundation called the awesome
law college tour for scholars for one
week each year kids like Kenneth have a
chance to leave their neighborhoods and
experience different universities and
cities Kenneth is awesome was latest
recruit louisa live in that corner room
awesome-o wanted to see where he came
from so Kenneth took us to the Union
rescue mission where he lived here there
was no room you can see where there's a
lot of people feel bad for me but I feel
worse for the two years olds and three
years olds they haven't even started the
pressure here the kids can't play in
their rooms they're too small
go outside it's too dangerous so Kenneth
says he come here to the roof of the
shelter to study you see the contrast
right here yeah it's like this you know
oh this is so nice yeah that's amazing
he was explaining it he said when you
come up it's kind of like just keep your
head up and you see all the good things
and then once you look down absolutely
right will set your mantra that you
basically use while you're up here keep
your head up and I use it in life yeah I
just keep my head up okay I'm dealing
with this now five years from now
copyediting University studying this
this and this i'll be graduating give it
a degree then kenneth says he'll give
back to just like awesome one the
all-pro cornerback who graduated from UC
Berkeley and has done so much to change
the lives of disadvantaged scholar's
just like Kenneth Velma Gutierrez CNN
Los Angeles that is good stuff all right
time
you